Create an example on generating and scraping kube_pod_labels (#379)
grafana/k8s-monitoring-helm: examples/kube-pod-labels/README.md

# Kube Pod Labels

This example shows how to include Pod labels as metrics.

Labels and annotations on Kubernetes objects are not set as metric labels on metrics like [kube_pod_info](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics/blob/main/docs/pod-metrics.md). This is
because it would greatly increase metric cardinality, which can get costly. [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics)

> can optionally create additional metrics, like `kube_pod_labels` that create label metrics that can then be joined to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can optionally create additional metrics. For example, `kube_pod_labels` create label metrics that can then be joined to
```

other pod metrics. This option is not enabled by default.

In the values file below, this section tells the kube-state-metrics deployment to generate the `kube_pod_labels` metric:
```yaml
kube-state-metrics:
  metricLabelsAllowlist:
    - pods=[*]
```
And this section tells the Grafana Agent to include that metric in the set that gets sent to Prometheus for storage:
```yaml
metrics:
  kube-state-metrics:
    metricsTuning:
      includeMetrics: [kube_pod_labels]
```

> Additional fields can be added to `metricLabelsAllowlist` to get label metrics for other objects, like Namespaces, Nodes, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional fields can be added to `metricLabelsAllowlist` to get label metrics for other objects, such as Namespaces, Nodes, etc.
```

> Also, kube-state-metrics can also generate metrics for annotations with `metricAnnotationsAllowList`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, kube-state-metrics can generate metrics for annotations with `metricAnnotationsAllowList`.
```
